doc: explain why `update` sometimes causes a no-op (#2279)
python-poetry/poetry: docs/docs/cli.md

poetry update requests toml
```

> Note that for this to work, you must not be using an exact version specification in your
> `pyproject.toml` file. In other terms, `poetry update foo` will be a no-op if the `pyproject.toml`
> contains `foo = "2.3"`. In order for foo to be updated to "2.4", you should first edit the
> configuration file to have `foo =  "^2.3"`.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that this will not update versions for dependencies outside their version constraints specified
in the `pyproject.toml` file. In other terms, `poetry update foo` will be a no-op if the version constraint 
specified for `toml` is `~2.3` or `2.3` and `2.4` is available. In order for foo to be updated, you must 
update the constraint, for example `^2.3`. You can do this using the `add` command. 

```
A few minor suggestions.
